Document dbt MCP search tools (#8171)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

- `generate_model_yaml`: Generates documentation YAML for existing dbt models, including column names, data types, and description placeholders.
- `generate_staging_model`: Creates staging SQL models from sources to transform raw source data into clean staging models.

### Fusion tools (remote)

A set of tools that leverage the <Constant name="fusion" /> engine for advanced SQL compilation and column-level lineage analysis.

- `compile_sql`: Compiles a SQL statement in the context of the current project and environment.
- `get_column_lineage`: <Constant name="fusion" /> exclusive! Get column lineage information across a project DAG for a specific column.

### Fusion tools (local)
A set of tools that leverage the <Constant name="fusion" /> engine through a locally running <Constant name="fusion" /> Language Server Protocol (LSP) in VS Code or Cursor with the dbt VS Code extension.

- `get_column_lineage`: <Constant name="fusion" /> exclusive! Get column lineage information across a project DAG for a specific column.

### Search tools (remote)

> Search tools allow discovering dbt resources with search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search tools help you find dbt resources quickly.
```

> - `keyword_search`: Searches artifacts from dbt Platform runs by using exact string matching against fields such as code, descriptions, and names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keyword_search`: Searches artifacts from <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> runs by using exact string matching against fields such as code, descriptions, and names.
```

> - `get_related_models`: Uses semantic search to find dbt models that are similar to the query, but not necessarily an exact string match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_related_models`: Uses semantic search to find dbt models that are similar to the query, even if there isn't an exact string match. 
```
